Add article "Sign up for the Ad Selection API" (#3285)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/ad-selection-api.md

Author: Apply formatting globally: "the **Foo** service"
* Consistent capzn in every occurrence.
* Consistent name of each service, formatted identically everywhere.
* Bolded everywhere.

            "enrollment_site": "https://contoso.example/",
            "platform_attestations": [
                {
                    "platform": "edge",
                    "attestations": {
                        "attribution_reporting_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "shared_storage_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "private_aggregation_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "ad_selection_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        }
                    }
                },
                {
                    "platform": "android",
                    "attestations": {}
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Important fields and values

* `"platform":` must be `"edge"` or `"android"`.

> * `"attestations":` must be `"attribution_reporting_api"`, `"shared_storage_api"`, `"private_aggregation_api"`, and/or `"ad_selection_api"`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `"attestations":` must be `"attribution_reporting_api"`, `"shared_storage_api"`, `"private_aggregation_api"`, and `"ad_selection_api"`.
```
Are all 4 required?
Are all 4 normally present?

draft doc has "or":
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d1ceb477-5c45-4ed5-92b4-effcc8c7ac14)

Author: applied change

>    Note: Each `"attestations":` entry must have a single field, `"ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites":`, with either a `true` or `false` value, indicating your reality.

Author: ```suggestion
   Each `"attestations":` entry must have a single field, `"ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites":`, with either a `true` or `false` value.
```

Author: applied change

* `"ownership_token":` is the OT token generated for your individual domain registration.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Deploy the Ad Selection API services

The Ad Selection API uses a [trusted execution environment (TEE)](https://confidentialcomputing.io/wp-content/uploads/sites/85/2021/03/confidentialcomputing_outreach_whitepaper-8-5x11-1.pdf) to provide a level of assurance for data integrity, data confidentiality, and code integrity.  Services provided by the Ad Selection API must run in a TEE to secure the data used by these services.

Ad Selection Services running in a TEE should be deployed on a cloud platform that supports the necessary security features.  Initially, services can be deployed in Azure using [Confidential ACI containers](/azure/container-instances/container-instances-confidential-overview).

The Ad Selection API provides different services that need to be deployed by buyers or sellers.  Microsoft provides an image for each service, which can be deployed on a cloud provider.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Seller's Service

Author: ```suggestion
#### Seller's service
```
unless S in official name of service

Author: applied change

> * **SellerFrontEnd Service:** The front-end service provides a gRPC endpoint `/SelectAd`, which receives requests from the seller's ad service to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow.

Author: ```suggestion
* **SellerFrontEnd Service:** This front-end service provides a gRPC endpoint `/SelectAd`, which receives requests from the seller's ad service to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow.
```

> * **Auction Service:** This service provides a gRPC endpoint `/ScoreAds`, which receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service with bids participating in the auction.  The service responds with a score value that the **SellerFrontEnd** uses to choose the winner.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Auction** service:  Provides a `/ScoreAds` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service, containing bids that are participating in the auction.  Responds with a score value that the **SellerFrontEnd** service uses to choose the winner.
```

Author: applied change

> * **Seller's Key/Value Service:** This service receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** with lookup keys from buyers' bids (such as ad_render_urls) and returns real-time scoring signals required for the auction.  The Key/Value service will be run in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode, so the seller does not need to deploy it in a TEE, and can instead use the image provided by Microsoft.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Seller's Key/Value Service:** This service receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** with lookup keys from buyers' bids (such as `ad_render_urls`) and returns real-time scoring signals required for the auction.  The Key/Value service will be run in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode, so the seller does not need to deploy it in a TEE, and can instead use the image provided by Microsoft.
```
tech review @captainbrosset

Author: pushing commit w the Suggested Changes, for review.  reviewers can inspect such commits.
The initial commit for this PR was same as Doc with tiny exceptions per corp style guide.  
Next commit will vary from Doc's wording/format - for review.
@captainbrosset @Brandr0id

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Buyer's Service

Author: ```suggestion
#### Buyer's service
```
is Service w/ capital S part of the name of the service?   if not, lowercase in heading per corp style

> * **BuyerFrontEnd Service:** The front-end service provides a gRPC endpoint `/GetBids`, which receives requests from **SellerFrontEnd** to initiate the bidding flow.

Author: ```suggestion
* **BuyerFrontEnd service:** This front-end service provides a gRPC endpoint `/GetBids`, which receives requests from **SellerFrontEnd** to initiate the bidding flow.
```

> * **Bidding Service:** This service provides an endpoint `/GenerateBids`, which receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service to handle the bidding and generate a bid.  The service generates a bid, chooses the winner, and selects the banner to be rendered.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Bidding service:** This service provides an endpoint `/GenerateBids`, which receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service to handle the bidding and generate a bid.  The service generates a bid, chooses the winner, and selects the banner to be rendered.
```

> * **Buyer's Key/Value Service:** A buyer's Key/Value service receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service and returns real-time buyer data required for bidding, corresponding to lookup keys from Interest Groups.  This request happens once per workflow.  The Key/Value service will be run in BYOS mode.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Buyer's Key/Value Service:** A Buyer's Key/Value Service receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service and returns real-time buyer data required for bidding, corresponding to lookup keys from Interest Groups.  This request happens once per workflow.  The Key/Value service will be run in BYOS mode.
```
is it possible to have consistent capzn throughout .md file, identical name of service everywhere?

Author: here's formatted as h6 headings:
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Seller's Service

<!-- ---------- -->
###### SellerFrontEnd Service

The front-end service provides a gRPC endpoint `/SelectAd`, which receives requests from the seller's ad service to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow.

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Auction Service

This service provides a gRPC endpoint `/ScoreAds`, which receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service with bids participating in the auction.  The service responds with a score value that the **SellerFrontEnd** uses to choose the winner.

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Seller's Key/Value Service

This service receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** with lookup keys from buyers' bids (such as ad_render_urls) and returns real-time scoring signals required for the auction.  The Key/Value service will be run in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode, so the seller does not need to deploy it in a TEE, and can instead use the image provided by Microsoft.
```

Author: formatted as table
* enables omit the starting phrase in col 2 & omit "service" in col 1 - compact.
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Seller services

| Service | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **SellerFrontEnd** | Provides a gRPC endpoint `/SelectAd`, which receives requests from the seller's ad service to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow. |
| **Auction** | Provides a gRPC endpoint `/ScoreAds`, which receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service with bids participating in the auction.  The service responds with a score value that the **SellerFrontEnd** uses to choose the winner. |
| **Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** with lookup keys from buyers' bids (such as ad_render_urls) and returns real-time scoring signals required for the auction.  The Key/Value service will be run in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode, so the seller does not need to deploy it in a TEE, and can instead use the image provided by Microsoft. |
```
rendered result:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fbde70f2-3bd7-428f-aa3d-274bbe115321)

> * **Bidding Selection & Key/Value Service:** This service receives requests from the Bidding Service to select and return additional ad banners (candidates) that can participate in bidding.  The service can also return additional signals needed for bidding.  The Bidding Service may send multiple requests to the Selection & Key/Value service or may choose not to send any, as the service is optional.  The Selection & Key/Value service must be deployed in a TEE.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Bidding Selection & Key/Value Service:** This service receives requests from the Bidding Service to select and return additional ad banners (candidates) that can participate in bidding.  The service can also return additional signals needed for bidding.  The Bidding Service may send multiple requests to the Bidding Selection & Key/Value Service or may choose not to send any, as the service is optional.  The Bidding Selection & Key/Value Service must be deployed in a TEE.
```
pls make consistent capzn & all words of name of service throughout .md file - @captainbrosset

> * **Bidding Selection & Key/Value Service:** This service receives requests from the Bidding Service to select and return additional ad banners (candidates) that can participate in bidding.  The service can also return additional signals needed for bidding.  The Bidding Service may send multiple requests to the Selection & Key/Value service or may choose not to send any, as the service is optional.  The Selection & Key/Value service must be deployed in a TEE.

Author: "as the service is optional" is ambig given we're discussing two services.  must specify which service here - probably the 2nd service, which receives requests.

> * **K-Anon Service:** This service collects k-anonymity counters and checks that the winning ad banner passes the k-anonymity check.

Author: ```suggestion
* **K-Anon** service: Collects k-anonymity counters and checks that the winning ad banner passes the k-anonymity check.
```

Buyers and sellers need to provide their own custom code as User-Defined Functions (UDFs) that will run in private containers within the deployed services.  These User-Defined Functions can execute custom business logic.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Seller's User Define Function

Author: user-defined functions?
@captainbrosset

> #### Seller's User Define Function

Author: ```suggestion
#### Seller's User-Defined Functions
```

> * `scoreAd()` for **Auction Service:** This function should generate a score for each buyer's bid or reject it.  The score will be used in the **SellerFrontEnd** to choose a winner from among all buyers.

Author: ```suggestion
* `scoreAd()` for **Auction Service:** Generates a score for each buyer's bid, or rejects the bid.  This score will be used in the **SellerFrontEnd** service, to choose a winner from among all buyers.
```

> * `reportResult()` for **Event-Level Reporting:** This function will run in the **SellerFrontEnd** after the final winner has been chosen.  The goal of `reportResult()` is to notify the seller about the winning bidder and provide the bid value.

Author: ```suggestion
* `reportResult()` for **Event-Level Reporting**:  Runs in the **SellerFrontEnd** service after the final winner has been chosen.  Notifies the seller about the winning bidder and provides the bid value.
```

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Buyer's User Define Function

Author: user-defined functions?
@captainbrosset

> #### Buyer's User Define Function

Author: ```suggestion
#### Buyer's User-Defined Functions
```
alts:
* Buyers' User-Defined Functions
* User-Defined Functions for buyers

> * `generateBids()` for **Bidding Service:**  This function will generate a bid and choose the banner that will be shown.

Author: ```suggestion
* `generateBids()` for **Bidding Service:**  Generates a bid, and chooses the banner that will be shown.
```

> * `reportWin()` for **Event-Level Reporting:**  This function will run in the **SellerFrontEnd** if the buyer's bid wins the auction.  The goal of `reportWin()` is to notify the buyer that they have won the auction and generate notification URLs that will be triggered later, such as during banner rendering or other client events.

Author: ```suggestion
* `reportWin()` for **Event-Level Reporting:**  Runs in the **SellerFrontEnd** service if the buyer's bid wins the auction.  Notifies the buyer that they have won the auction, and generates notification URLs that will be triggered later, such as during banner rendering or other client events.
```

> * `getValues()` for **Bidding's Selection & Key/Value Service:**  This function will run in the Bidding Selection & Key/Value service if the buyer uses this service.  It allows for custom code execution for data lookup and selection.

Author: is & technically correct and part of a UI string here?
per corp style guide, avoid &  unless it's in UI
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/a/ampersand

maybe:
run in the Foo service and in the Bar service

Global in .md file
@captainbrosset

> * `getValues()` for **Bidding's Selection & Key/Value Service:**  This function will run in the Bidding Selection & Key/Value service if the buyer uses this service.  It allows for custom code execution for data lookup and selection.

Author: ```suggestion
* `getValues()` for **Bidding's Selection & Key/Value** service: Runs in the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service, if the buyer uses that service.  Allows for custom code execution for data lookup and selection.
```

   1. Configure all prerequisites and prepare all tools for deployment.

   1. Create Azure Resources and run terraform script that finish deployment.

1. Develop worklets including `user-defined-function` (UDF) and start Ad Selection API services.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Use the Ad Selection API on your website

To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to use the API, by modifying the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge.

* Sellers: To run private actions, fetch interest groups, and do reporting, update your supply and publisher code.

* Buyers: To create interest groups and store them in the browser, update the code on your advertiser partners' websites.  You can use the delegation mechanism to restrict and allow Interest Group creation on third-party domains.

To learn more about which API methods are available and to review example code, see the [Ad Selection API documentation](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/blob/main/API%20Details.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## See also

> <!-- todo: all links in article -->

Author: extract list of all links from article body

The end-to-end design and technical documents can be found in the public repo: [Ad Selection API Proposal](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads?tab=readme-ov-file#ad-selection-api-proposal).

> Public images that must be used for deployment; only official images from Microsoft will be able to run private auction:

Author: ```suggestion
Public images that must be used for deployment; only official images from Microsoft will be able to run private auctions:
```
@captainbrosset

* Buyer

>    * [buyer-frontend-service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/buyer-frontend-service)

Author: update link text in this section, based on title in destination webpage: per corp style guide, link text should be the destination page's title or heading (or tab-title).

>    * [buyer-frontend-service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/buyer-frontend-service)

Author: ```suggestion
   * [BuyerFrontEnd service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/buyer-frontend-service)
```

>    * [bidding-service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/bidding-service)

Author: ```suggestion
   * [Bidding service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/bidding-service)
```

>    * [k-anonymity-service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/k-anonymity-service)

Author: ```suggestion
   * [k-anonymity service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/k-anonymity-service)
```

* Seller

>    * [seller-frontend-service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/seller-frontend-service)

Author: ```suggestion
   * [SellerFrontEnd service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/seller-frontend-service)
```

>    * [auction-service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/auction-service)

Author: ```suggestion
   * [Auction service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/auction-service)
```

* `"ownership_token":` is the OT token generated for your individual domain registration.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Deploy the Ad Selection API services

The Ad Selection API uses a trusted execution environment (TEE) to provide a level of assurance for data integrity, data confidentiality, and code integrity; see [Confidential Computing: Hardware-Based Trusted Execution for Applications and Data](https://confidentialcomputing.io/wp-content/uploads/sites/85/2021/03/confidentialcomputing_outreach_whitepaper-8-5x11-1.pdf).  Services provided by the Ad Selection API must run in a TEE to secure the data used by these services.

Ad Selection Services running in a TEE should be deployed on a cloud platform that supports the necessary security features.  Initially, services can be deployed in Azure using [Confidential ACI containers](/azure/container-instances/container-instances-confidential-overview).

The Ad Selection API provides different services that need to be deployed by sellers or buyers.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Images for each service

Author: review new "Images" section.
* first sentence is from above paragraph, in draft Doc.
* links are from See Also h2 section at end, in draft Doc.
* statement about "must" is from See Also section at end of draft Doc (such detail is out of place in See Also and belongs in article body):
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f096c238-42e4-4c3a-8c6b-b7441b6c5ade)

Author: i think it's ok to close comment, b/c PR is out for review, & this change is normal Writer/Editor formatting that just gathers info that wasn't properly placed; not new content or statements.

| **Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service, which contain lookup keys from buyers' bids (such as `ad_render_urls`).  Returns real-time scoring signals that are required for the auction.  Runs in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode, so the seller does not need to deploy this service in a trusted execution environment (TEE), and can instead use the image that's provided by Microsoft. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Services for buyers

| Service | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **BuyerFrontEnd** | Provides a `/GetBids` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service to initiate the bidding flow. |
| **Bidding** | Provides a `/GenerateBids` endpoint, which receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service to handle the bidding and generate a bid.  Generates a bid, chooses the winner, and selects the banner to be rendered. |
| **Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service and returns real-time buyer data required for bidding, corresponding to lookup keys from Interest Groups.  Such a request happens once per workflow.  Runs in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode. |

> | **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **Bidding** service to select and return additional ad banners (candidates) that can participate in bidding.  The **Bidding**<!-- todo: which service? --> service can also return additional signals that are needed for bidding.  The **Bidding** service may send multiple requests to the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service, or may choose not to send any requests, given that the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service<!-- todo: which service? --> is optional.  The **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service must be deployed in a trusted execution environment (TEE). |

Author: "The service can also return additional signals that are needed for bidding."  Which service, b/c near here, discussing two services.  draft Doc:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/20e87557-6d54-4c31-9d6c-1dbce431e7a1)

Reviewer: 1) "The **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** can also return additional signals needed for bidding.

2) "The Bidding Service may send multiple requests to the Selection & Key/Value service or may choose not to send any, as the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** is optional.

Author: result:

The **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service can also return additional signals that are needed for bidding.

The **Bidding** service may send multiple requests to the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service, or may choose not to send any requests, because the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service is optional.

---
title: Sign-up for the Ad Selection API
description: Sign-up for the Ad Selection API, which provides user-relevant ads on your site without using third-party cookies.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 10/05/2024
---
# Sign-up for the Ad Selection API
<!-- https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2289906 -->

The Ad Selection API provides user-relevant ads on your site without using third-party cookies.  See [Ad Selection Overview](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/blob/main/Ad%20Selection%20Overview.md) in the "WICG / privacy-preserving-ads" repo.

The Ad Selection API can be used by:
* **Sellers** – Supply-side platforms (SSPs), who can use the API to provide higher-quality ads for their publishers.
* **Buyers** – Demand-side platforms (DSPs), who can use the API to improve the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.

To get started using the Ad Selection API and test out the end-to-end flow, sign up for the limited Preview of the Ad Selection API.

> Sellers (SSPs) and buyers (DSPs) can use this guide to:

Author: ```suggestion
Sellers and buyers can use this guide to:
```
already introduced the acronyms two paragraphs above, seems distracting to re-define so soon.
it would be ok to re-define one time at top of each h2 section, if it's this important to reiterate.

Author: result:
```
The Ad Selection API can be used by:
* **Sellers** – Operators of a supply-side platform (SSP), who can use the API to provide higher-quality ads for their publishers.
* **Buyers** – Operators of a demand-side platform (DSP), who can use the API to improve the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
...
As a seller operating a supply-side platform or a buyer operating a demand-side platform, use this guide to:
* Test the Ad Selection API on your site.
```

            "enrollment_site": "https://contoso.example/",
            "platform_attestations": [
                {
                    "platform": "edge",
                    "attestations": {
                        "attribution_reporting_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "shared_storage_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "private_aggregation_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "ad_selection_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        }
                    }
                },
                {
                    "platform": "android",
                    "attestations": {}
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Important fields and values

* `"platform":` must be `"edge"` or `"android"`.

> * `"attestations":` must include `"attribution_reporting_api"`, `"shared_storage_api"`, `"private_aggregation_api"`, and `"ad_selection_api"`.

Author: tech review "and".  draft Doc has "or" and lacks verb:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72d00413-9e0a-4cef-9443-821b057bbfb3)

Author: result:
```
* Valid members of `"attestations":` are `"attribution_reporting_api":`, `"shared_storage_api":`, `"private_aggregation_api":`, and `"ad_selection_api":`.
```

* `"ownership_token":` is the OT token generated for your individual domain registration.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Deploy the Ad Selection API services

The Ad Selection API uses a trusted execution environment (TEE) to provide a level of assurance for data integrity, data confidentiality, and code integrity; see [Confidential Computing: Hardware-Based Trusted Execution for Applications and Data](https://confidentialcomputing.io/wp-content/uploads/sites/85/2021/03/confidentialcomputing_outreach_whitepaper-8-5x11-1.pdf).  Services provided by the Ad Selection API must run in a TEE to secure the data used by these services.

Ad Selection Services running in a TEE should be deployed on a cloud platform that supports the necessary security features.  Initially, services can be deployed in Azure using [Confidential ACI containers](/azure/container-instances/container-instances-confidential-overview).

> The Ad Selection API provides different services that need to be deployed by sellers or buyers.

Author: ```suggestion
The Ad Selection API provides different services that need to be deployed by sellers (SSPs) and buyers (DSPs).
```
instead of defining acro's twice at top of article, an option is to reiterate at first usage in each h2 section, such as here.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Images for each service

Author: result:
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Images for deploying services

<!-- todo: tech-review and un-comment
Add your User-Defined Functions in these images of services.  Each image defines one service, and contains starter code, as functions with empty bodies, that are the relevant User-Defined Functions for that service.  Fill in the bodies of the User-Defined Functions in these images with your own custom code.
-->

Microsoft provides an image for each service, which can be deployed on a cloud provider.  These are the public images that must be used for deployment.  Only official images from Microsoft are able to run private auctions.
```

Microsoft provides an image for each service, which can be deployed on a cloud provider.  These are the public images that must be used for deployment.  Only official images from Microsoft are able to run private auctions.

Images for seller services:
* [SellerFrontEnd service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/seller-frontend-service)
* [Auction service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/auction-service)

Images for buyer services:
* [BuyerFrontEnd service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/buyer-frontend-service)
* [Bidding service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/bidding-service)
* [k-anonymity service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/k-anonymity-service)

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Services for sellers

| Service | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | **SellerFrontEnd** | Provides a `/SelectAd` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the seller's ad service<!-- todo: what's the bold CamelCase name of that service? --> to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **SellerFrontEnd** | Provides a `/SelectAd` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the seller's ad service (such as **SellerFrontEnd**, **Auction**, or **Key/Value**) to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow. |
```
might be wrong; tech review this suggestion

* `"ownership_token":` is the OT token generated for your individual domain registration.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Deploy the Ad Selection API services

The Ad Selection API uses a trusted execution environment (TEE) to provide a level of assurance for data integrity, data confidentiality, and code integrity; see [Confidential Computing: Hardware-Based Trusted Execution for Applications and Data](https://confidentialcomputing.io/wp-content/uploads/sites/85/2021/03/confidentialcomputing_outreach_whitepaper-8-5x11-1.pdf).  Services provided by the Ad Selection API must run in a TEE to secure the data used by these services.

Ad Selection Services running in a TEE should be deployed on a cloud platform that supports the necessary security features.  Initially, services can be deployed in Azure using [Confidential ACI containers](/azure/container-instances/container-instances-confidential-overview).

The Ad Selection API provides different services that need to be deployed by sellers or buyers.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Images for deploying services

> Add your User-Defined Functions in these images of services.  Each image defines one service, and contains starter code, as functions with empty bodies, that are the relevant User-Defined Functions for that service.  Fill in the bodies of the User-Defined Functions in these images with your own custom code.<!-- todo: review this added paragraph -->

Author: review this added paragraph defining 'image'

| **K-Anon** | Collects k-anonymity counters and checks that the winning ad banner passes the k-anonymity check. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### User-Defined Functions for sellers

Sellers and buyers need to provide their own custom code as User-Defined Functions (UDFs) that run in private containers within the deployed services.  These User-Defined Functions can execute custom business logic.

| Function | Service containing it | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `scoreAd()` | **Auction** | Generates a score for each buyer's bid, or rejects the bid.  This score is then used by the **SellerFrontEnd** service, to choose a winner from among all buyers. |

> | `reportResult()` for event-level reporting | **SellerFrontEnd** | Runs in the **SellerFrontEnd** service after the final winner has been chosen.  Notifies the seller about the winning bidder, and provides the bid value. |

Author: Move "for event-level reporting" out of the function-name cell for sellers.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### User-Defined Functions for buyers

| Function | Service containing it | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `generateBids()` | **Bidding** | Generates a bid, and chooses the banner that will be shown. |

> | `reportWin()` for event-level reporting | **SellerFrontEnd** | Runs in the **SellerFrontEnd** service, if the buyer's bid wins the auction.  Notifies the buyer that they have won the auction, and generates notification URLs that will be triggered later, such as during banner rendering or other client events. |

Author: Move "for event-level reporting" out of the function-name cell for buyers.

The Ad Selection API can be used by:
* **Sellers** running a supply-side platform (SSP), who can use the API to provide higher-quality ads for their publishers.
* **Buyers** running a demand-side platform (DSP), who can use the API to improve the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.

To get started using the Ad Selection API and test out the end-to-end flow, sign up for the limited Preview of the Ad Selection API.

As a seller operating a supply-side platform or a buyer operating a demand-side platform, use this guide to:
* Test the Ad Selection API on your site.
* Sign up for the Ad Selection API limited preview.
* Register for the Origin Trial.
* Complete API attestation.
* See the Ad Selection API and its usage, and deploy your services to Azure.
* Set up an evaluation environment with a supported cloud provider.
* Prepare all needed UDF functions and be able to work with Edge Web API.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Attestation enrollment and alpha sign-up

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### When and where is the preview available?

> Microsoft Edge versions starting with **130.0.2808.0** will have the platform components of the Ad Selection API in a limited, developer opt-in preview outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom (UK).

Author: result:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aaa63e8-0fd7-4e5a-9fb0-2ac667a2cc9a)
new h4 section heading for flags

Developers can individually change the Ad Selection API platform features, by using the testing flag, `edge://flags#edge-ad-selection-api`:

![The "Ad Selection API" flag](./ad-selection-api-images/flags.png)

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Sign-up and attestation requirements and process

Developers interested in alpha testing can join the [Origin Trial](https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/).  This trial enables end-to-end testing of Ad Selection API features, covering both the API usage and the deployment of secure container images.

To sign up for an Origin Trial token:

1. Go to Microsoft Edge [Origin Trials](https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/) in a new window or tab.

1. In the **Ad Selection API** section, click the **Register** button:

   ![Origin trials](./ad-selection-api-images/origin-trials.png)

1. Complete the form for each domain you intend to use with the Ad Selection API and make sure to provide a valid developer contact:

   ![Registration form](./ad-selection-api-images/reg-form.png)

>    * When you receive your OT token, this can be used on the provided domain(s) to enable Ad Selection APIs for testing with supported Microsoft Edge clients.

Author: @captainbrosset note these 4 "APIs" that are the valid values in attestations{...} in .json:
"attribution_reporting_api":
"shared_storage_api":
"private_aggregation_api":
"ad_selection_api":

in the industry, "API" is used (silently, confusingly, alternating) in both a broad and narrow sense: The FooBar API contains APIs.

>    * When you receive your OT token, this can be used on the provided domain(s) to enable Ad Selection APIs for testing with supported Microsoft Edge clients.

Author: result:
After you receive an OT token for the domain, use the OT token in the `attestations.json` file for that domain, to enable testing the Ad Selection API with supported Microsoft Edge clients.

> 1. To complete attestation and allow for continued access to the Ad Selection API, you'll need to host a JSON file named `attestations.json` on each domain at a `/.well-known/` path.  For example: `https://contoso.example/.well-known/ad-selection-attestations.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To complete your attestation and allow for continued access to the Ad Selection API, create a JSON file named `attestations.json` and make it available at the `/.well-known/attestations.json` path for each registered domain.  For example: `https://contoso.example/.well-known/ad-selection-attestations.json`.
```

Author: applied

Ad Selection Services running in a TEE should be deployed on a cloud platform that supports the necessary security features.  Initially, services can be deployed in Azure using [Confidential ACI containers](/azure/container-instances/container-instances-confidential-overview).

The Ad Selection API provides different services that need to be deployed by sellers or buyers.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Images for deploying services

Add your User-Defined Functions within the provided images of services.  The User-Defined Functions can run custom business logic.  The User-Defined Functions run in private containers within the deployed services.

Each image defines one service, and contains starter code, as functions with empty bodies, that are the relevant User-Defined Functions for that service.  Fill in the bodies of the User-Defined Functions in these images with your own custom code.

> <!-- todo: review the above added paragraphs -->

Author: Review the added intro for Images.

Reviewer: Yes, it's correct. However, some images don't have UDF and have only predefine code.

Author: result:
Each image defines one service.  Some images don't contain UDFs, and consist entirely of predefined code.  Some images contain UDFs, as functions with an empty body or starter code, that are the relevant User-Defined Functions for that service.  Fill in the bodies of the User-Defined Functions in these images with your own custom code.

| **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **Bidding** service to select and return additional ad banners (candidates) that can participate in bidding.  The **Bidding**<!-- todo: which service? --> service can also return additional signals that are needed for bidding.  The **Bidding** service may send multiple requests to the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service, or may choose not to send any requests, given that the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service<!-- todo: which service? --> is optional.  The **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service must be deployed in a trusted execution environment (TEE). |
| **K-Anon** | Collects k-anonymity counters and checks that the winning ad banner passes the k-anonymity check. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### User-Defined Functions for sellers

Sellers and buyers need to provide their own custom code as User-Defined Functions (UDFs) that run in private containers within the deployed services.  These User-Defined Functions can execute custom business logic.

> | Function | Service containing it | Description |

Author: ```suggestion
| Function | Service it's used for | Description |
```

Author: result:
`| UDF | Service in which the UDF runs | Description |`

| --- | --- | --- |
| `scoreAd()` | **Auction** | Generates a score for each buyer's bid, or rejects the bid.  This score is then used by the **SellerFrontEnd** service, to choose a winner from among all buyers. |
| `reportResult()` | **SellerFrontEnd** | For event-level reporting.  Runs in the **SellerFrontEnd** service after the final winner has been chosen.  Notifies the seller about the winning bidder, and provides the bid value. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### User-Defined Functions for buyers

> | Function | Service containing it | Description |

Author: ```suggestion
| Function | Service it's used for | Description |
```

Author: result:
`| UDF | Service in which the UDF runs | Description |`

                    "attestations": {
                        "attribution_reporting_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "shared_storage_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "private_aggregation_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "ad_selection_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        }
                    }
                },
                {
                    "platform": "android",
                    "attestations": {}
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Important fields and values

* `"ownership_token":` is the OT token that was generated when registering this domain for the **Ad Selection API** origin trial.

* In the `"platform_attestations":` section, `"platform":` must be `"edge"` or `"android"`.

> * In the `"platform_attestations":` section, valid members of `"attestations":` are the following APIs:

Author: Should this article say anything about these four APIs of the Ad Selection API, that are apparently enabled by the OT token?
* attribution_reporting_api
* shared_storage_api
* private_aggregation_api
* ad_selection_api

according to wording in json, the Ad Selection API consists of the following APIs (one of which is ad_selection_api):

The OT token enables using these four APIs of the API:
* attribution_reporting_api
* shared_storage_api
* private_aggregation_api
* ad_selection_api

Find "attribution" and "reporting", to see if this API is discussed: no.
Find "storage", to see if this API is discussed: no.
Find "aggregat", to see if this API is discussed: no.

draft Doc:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6ca010c7-f917-41f4-a5d6-1dccc429abd7)
fyi @captainbrosset

Author: clarified w/ draft text in meeting

Microsoft provides an image for each service, which can be deployed on a cloud provider.  These are the public images that must be used for deployment.  Only official images from Microsoft are able to run private auctions.

Images for seller services:
* [SellerFrontEnd service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/seller-frontend-service)
* [Auction service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/auction-service)

Images for buyer services:
* [BuyerFrontEnd service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/buyer-frontend-service)
* [Bidding service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/bidding-service)
* [K-Anonymity service](https://mcr.microsoft.com/product/ad-selection/azure/k-anonymity-service)

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Services for sellers

| Service | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | **SellerFrontEnd** | Provides a `/SelectAd` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the seller's ad service to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow. |

Reviewer: Let's change this 

> Provides a `/SelectAd` HTTPS endpoint, which receives requests from the seller's untrusted ad service to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow.

And delete gRPC mentions in other places(3 places except this one), let's make just:

> Provides a `/GetBids` endpoint

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ea1c7fb3-76e0-49e2-b2a5-c3fbebb869d2)

<!-- ---------- -->
###### User-Defined Functions for buyers

| UDF | Service in which the UDF runs | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `generateBids()` | **Bidding** | Generates a bid, and chooses the banner that will be shown. |
| `reportWin()` | **SellerFrontEnd** | For event-level reporting.  Runs in the **SellerFrontEnd** service, if the buyer's bid wins the auction.  Notifies the buyer that they have won the auction, and generates notification URLs that will be triggered later, such as during banner rendering or other client events. |
| `getValues()` | **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** | Runs in the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service, if the buyer uses that service.  Allows for custom code execution for data lookup and selection. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deployment guide

To deploy the Ad Selection API service to Azure:

1. Create an Azure account and create a subscription at [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com).

1. Choose the **Confidential ACO containers** option.

> 1. Download the Terraform [deployment scripts and guide](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2290115).  **Note:** Make sure the hash of the image you downloaded matches the hash in the script you download.

Reviewer: Download the Terraform [deployment scripts and guide](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2290115). 

I assume this link need to be changed just before release(we need publish these scripts first)

Author: the definition of https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2290115 will need to be updated.
that url in .md file is ok/stable.

Author: closing this, b/c scripts are being published now.
Terraform deployment scripts and guide
https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2290115

how to view or update the definition of a fwlink:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/contribute-link-to-articles-from-the-user-interface?branch=main#create-an-fwlink -- AKA Link Manager tool > set Host to go.microsoft.com
@yanushP

1. The Terraform scripts already include links to public images that are provided by Microsoft.  Choose the required services and deploy them by following the steps in the included `readme.md`.

   1. Set any specific flags for your environment, including auction worklet locations.

   1. Configure all prerequisites and prepare all tools for deployment.

   1. Create Azure Resources and run the Terraform script that finishes deployment.

1. Develop worklets including `user-defined-function` (UDF) and start Ad Selection API services.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Use the Ad Selection API on your website

> To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to modify the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge.

Reviewer: No, you correct it a right way. 

Site can be available in any browser, our AdSAPI will be work only in Edge

> To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to modify the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge.

Author: result:
To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to modify their websites' JavaScript code that's run when the browser is Microsoft Edge.

draft doc:
To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to use the API, by modifying the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge.

@yanushP @captainbrosset

> To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to use the API, by modifying the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge.

Author: ```suggestion
To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to modify the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge.
```
@yanushP - planned change, del dup words

> To start using the Ad Selection API, sellers and buyers need to use the API, by modifying the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge.

Author: unclear at "modify the JavaScript code of their websites running in Microsoft Edge."  can we add words to clarify?  

"browser detection;  add code to detect if the user's browser is Edge, if so, run certain JS"
@yanushP

Author: closing; Outdated markdown; fresh [comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3285/files#r1790831659)

> * Sellers: To run private actions, fetch interest groups, and do reporting, update your supply-side and publisher code.

Reviewer: changed "supply" to "supply-side", ok?
- ok. Sounds better in your way for both places 
------------

"publisher code"  - I mean the js code that initial ads workflow and our partners/publishers run on their websites. This js code need to be updated and support new API. 

Maybe we can say just "code on publisher's websites" and remove "supply"?

"Sellers: to run private actions, fetch interest groups, and do reporting, update your code on publishers' websites."

Other two looks good and not related to publisher code.

> * Sellers: To run private actions, fetch interest groups, and do reporting, update your supply-side and publisher code.

Author: private auctions, not private actions, correct?  @yanushP - i'm going w/ auctions

> * Sellers: To run private actions, fetch interest groups, and do reporting, update your supply-side and publisher code.

Author: result:
* Sellers: To run private auctions, fetch interest groups, and do reporting, update your code on publishers' websites.

> * Sellers: To run private actions, fetch interest groups, and do reporting, update your supply and publisher code.

Author: Outdated; closing; fresh [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3285/files#r1790837216)

> * Buyers: To create interest groups and store them in the browser, update the code on your advertiser partners' websites.  You can use the delegation mechanism to restrict and allow Interest Group creation on third-party domains.

Author: ```suggestion
* Buyers: To create interest groups and store them in the browser, update the code on your advertising partners' websites.  You can use the delegation mechanism to restrict and allow Interest Group creation on third-party domains.
```
@captainbrosset

Reviewer: sounds good for me

Author: applied

> To learn more about which API methods are available and to review example code, see [Ad Selection API details](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/blob/main/API%20Details.md).

Author: ```suggestion
To learn more about which API methods are available and view example code, see [Ad Selection API details](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/blob/main/API%20Details.md).
```
We mean "see, inspect, for the first time; study".  The word "review" means read something that you have already read before.
I picked 'view', because 'see' is already present.

https://ahdictionary.com/word/search.html?q=review --
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23fd3705-1ef4-4190-9d52-40355a8e3b75)
@captainbrosset

| **Bidding** | Provides a `/GenerateBids` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service to handle the bidding and generate a bid.  Generates a bid, chooses the winner, and selects the banner to be rendered. |
| **Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service and returns real-time buyer data required for bidding, corresponding to lookup keys from Interest Groups.  Such a request happens once per workflow.  Runs in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode. |
| **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **Bidding** service to select and return additional ad banners (candidates) that can participate in bidding.  The **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service can also return additional signals that are needed for bidding.  The **Bidding** service may send multiple requests to the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service, or may choose not to send any requests, because the **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service is optional.  The **Bidding Selection & Key/Value** service must be deployed in a trusted execution environment (TEE). |

> | **K-Anonymity** | Collects k-anonymity counters and checks that the winning ad banner passes the k-anonymity check. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **K-Anonymity** | Collects k-anonymity counters and checks that the winning ad creative passes the k-anonymity check. |
```

Author: changed banner to creative

For each top-level domain that you intend to use with the Ad Selection API, fill in the **Origin Trial Registration**  form for that domain, and then submit the form.

To sign up for the **Ad Selection API** origin trial for a domain:

1. Open [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/) in a new window or tab:

   ![Origin trials](./ad-selection-api-images/origin-trials.png)

1. In the **Ad Selection API** section, click the **Register** button.  The **Origin Trial Registration** form opens:

   ![Registration form](./ad-selection-api-images/reg-form.png)

1. Fill in the form.

   * In the **Domain** text box, enter a single top-level domain.  For example, a top-level domain is `contoso.example`, and optionally includes subdomains such as `subdomain.contoso.example`.

   * In the **Subdomain Support** section, select the **Yes** or **No** option button.

   * In the **Email Address** text box, provide a valid developer contact for the domain.

   * In the **Origin Trial Name** text box, enter **Ad Selection API**.

1. Click the **Submit** button.

>    An Origin Trial token is generated for the top-level domain and is sent to you.  After you receive the token, use the token in the `attestations.json` file for that domain, to enable testing the Ad Selection API with supported Microsoft Edge clients.

Author: result:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4eb73883-b2e8-4ed6-8975-7c32187d607c)

> 1. To complete your attestation and allow continued access to the Ad Selection API, create a JSON file named `attestations.json` for the domain and make it available at the `/.well-known/attestations.json` path for that domain.  For example: `https://contoso.example/.well-known/ad-selection-attestations.json`.

Author: manually updated 7-8 hits.  draft doc only specifies the filename in 1 spot:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c6d329cb-8aa8-4ec4-9c37-e6f4127bfc12)

   The `attestations.json` JSON file must be published within **30 days** of receiving the OT token.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Example attestations.json file

The `attestations.json` file for a domain must conform to the following standards below.  The file must include the generated OT token for the top-level domain, as well as a list of APIs (features that are associated with the Ad Services API).

The following is an example `attestations.json` file:

```json
{
    "ad_selection_api_attestations": [
        {
            "attestation_parser_version": "2",
            "attestation_version": "2",
            "privacy_policy": [
                "https://contoso.example/privacy/"
            ],
            "ownership_token": "<Your Unique Token Here>",
            "enrollment_site": "https://contoso.example/",
            "platform_attestations": [
                {
                    "platform": "edge",
                    "attestations": {

>                         "attribution_reporting_api": {
>                             "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
>                         },
>                         "shared_storage_api": {
>                             "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
>                         },
>                         "private_aggregation_api": {
>                             "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
>                         },
>                         "ad_selection_api": {
>                             "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
>                         }

Author: ```suggestion
                        "ad_selection_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "attribution_reporting_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "shared_storage_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        },
                        "private_aggregation_api": {
                            "ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites": true/false
                        }
```
shouldn't "private_aggregation_api" be listed first, like in flag's desc?  this is the main "api".  the others are "associated features".
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9e9f1971-60fb-44a4-862c-cacdd4e4cf80)

Reviewer: sounds good!

Author: reordered members

                    }
                },
                {
                    "platform": "android",
                    "attestations": {}
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Important fields and values

* `"ownership_token":` is the OT token that was generated when registering this domain for the **Ad Selection API** origin trial.

* In the `"platform_attestations":` section, `"platform":` must be `"edge"` or `"android"`.

* In the `"platform_attestations":` section, valid members of `"attestations":` are the following:
   * `"attribution_reporting_api":` - Part of the Ad Selection API, for attribution reporting.
   * `"shared_storage_api":` - Part of the Ad Selection API, for shared storage.
   * `"private_aggregation_api":` - Part of the Ad Selection API, for private aggregation.

>    * `"ad_selection_api":`

Author: result:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/82947420-2991-47a8-be9e-9b73e2b46619)

>    <!-- todo: is this list complete?  eg is there "fenced_frames_api": {} ?  per list in flag desc -->

Reviewer: No Fenced Frame is not missing, because it's not an API, it's other part of Browser that will be used by this framework.
so you don't need to turn on / turn off it and don't need to set up it for Starting using API

>    <!-- todo: is this list complete?  eg is there "fenced_frames_api": {} ?  per list in flag desc -->

Author: result:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d395ff52-7c1e-4bdf-bf79-eda5c42cc53f)

>    Each of these `"attestations":` entries must have a single field, `"ServiceNotUsedForIdentifyingUserAcrossSites":`, with either a `true` or `false` value.  `true` means that this service is not used for identifying the user across sites.  `false` means that this service is used for identifying the user across sites.

Reviewer: Is this indent for 'Each of these `"attestations":` entries must have a single field...'  is okay? 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14a831eb-9c42-4412-8f3a-1a1c69eb96a6)

Author: i agree that it looks possibly incorrect, even though it is technically indented the correct amount.  will consider format alternatives.

Author: result:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/286a79a2-f0c3-4e98-a240-0d434038bc90)

#### Services for sellers

| Service | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **SellerFrontEnd** | Provides a `/SelectAd` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the seller's ad service to initiate the Protected Audience auction flow. |
| **Auction** | Provides a `/ScoreAds` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service, containing bids that are participating in the auction.  Responds with a score value that the **SellerFrontEnd** service uses to choose the winner. |
| **Key/Value** | Receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service, which contain lookup keys from buyers' bids (such as `ad_render_urls`).  Returns real-time scoring signals that are required for the auction.  Runs in Bring Your Own Service (BYOS) mode, so the seller does not need to deploy this service in a trusted execution environment (TEE), and can instead use the image that's provided by Microsoft. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Services for buyers

| Service | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **BuyerFrontEnd** | Provides a `/GetBids` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the **SellerFrontEnd** service to initiate the bidding flow. |

> | **Bidding** | Provides a `/GenerateBids` endpoint, which receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service to handle the bidding and generate a bid.  Generates a bid, chooses the winner, and selects the banner to be rendered. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Bidding** | Provides a `/GenerateBids` gRPC endpoint, which receives requests from the **BuyerFrontEnd** service to handle the bidding and generate a bid.  Generates a bid, chooses the winner, and selects the banner to be rendered. |
```
draft Doc lacks "gRPC" here:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e3ccb06-4c76-4842-9d0d-0eff78a8b160)

Author: assumed it's a gPRC endpoint, like the other endpoints.  added "gRPC".
@yanushP
